Web Fundamentals
The aim of this path is to teach you how to attack web applications. To successfully attack and exploit web applications, you need to understand how they work. The first section (Web Fundamentals) will give you all the pre-requisite knowledge on this. 

The second section (Security Tools) focuses on learning how to use Industry Standard tooling to interact with your targets. 

The third section (Vulnerabilities) covers various vulnerabilities found in web applications today. This section will go over root causes of these vulnerabilities and give you hands on experience on exploiting them.

The final section (Practise Makes Perfect) will help you apply what you've learnt in previous sections.

After completing this path, you should be able to:

understand how web applications work
utilise industry standard tooling when attacking web applications
explain and exploit common web vulnerabilities
apply this knowledge to other targets (be it within an interview or a professional web applications security assessment)
Prerequisites

You need a basic understanding of how web applications work to complete this pathway. If you do not already have these prerequisites, complete the Pre-Security Pathway.
---
How The Web Works
To become a better hacker it's vital to understand the underlying functions of the world wide web and what makes it work.
DNS in detail
Learn how DNS works and how it helps you access internet services.

HTTP in Detail
Learn about how you request content from a web server using the HTTP protocol

How Websites Work
To exploit a website, you first need to know how they are created.

Putting it all together
Learn how all the individual components of the web work together to bring you access to your favourite web sites.
---
Introduction to Web Hacking
Get hands-on, learn about and exploit some of the most popular web application vulnerabilities seen in the industry today.

Walking An Application
Manually review a web application for security issues using only your browsers developer tools. Hacking with just your browser, no tools or scripts.

Content Discovery
Learn the various ways of discovering hidden or private content on a webserver that could lead to new vulnerabilities.

Subdomain Enumeration
Learn the various ways of discovering subdomains to expand your attack surface of a target.

image
Authentication Bypass
Learn how to defeat logins and other authentication mechanisms to allow you access to unpermitted areas.

IDOR
Learn how to find and exploit IDOR vulnerabilities in a web application giving you access to data that you shouldn't have.

File Inclusion
This room introduces file inclusion vulnerabilities, including Local File Inclusion (LFI), Remote File Inclusion (RFI), and directory traversal.

Intro to SSRF
Learn how to exploit Server-Side Request Forgery (SSRF) vulnerabilities, allowing you to access internal server resources.

Intro to Cross-site Scripting
Learn how to detect and exploit XSS vulnerabilities, giving you control of other visitor's browsers.

Command Injection
Learn about a vulnerability allowing you to execute commands through a vulnerable app, and its remediations.

SQL Injection
Learn how to detect and exploit SQL Injection vulnerabilities
---
Burp Suite
Burp Suite is the industry standard tool for web application hacking, and is essential in any web penetration test.

Burp Suite: The Basics
An introduction to using Burp Suite for web application pentesting.

Burp Suite: Repeater
Learn how to use Repeater to duplicate requests in Burp Suite.

Burp Suite: Intruder
Learn how to use Intruder to automate requests in Burp Suite.

Burp Suite: Other Modules
Take a dive into some of Burp Suite's lesser-known modules.

Burp Suite: Extensions
Learn how to use Extensions to broaden the functionality of Burp Suite.
---
Web Hacking Fundamentals
Understand the core security issues with web applications, and learn how to exploit them using industry tools and techniques.

How Websites Work
To exploit a website, you first need to know how they are created.

HTTP in Detail
Learn about how you request content from a web server using the HTTP protocol

Burp Suite: The Basics
An introduction to using Burp Suite for web application pentesting.

OWASP Top 10 - 2021
Learn about and exploit each of the OWASP Top 10 vulnerabilities; the 10 most critical web security risks.

OWASP Juice Shop
This room uses the Juice Shop vulnerable web application to learn how to identify and exploit common web application vulnerabilities.

Upload Vulnerabilities
Tutorial room exploring some basic file-upload vulnerabilities in websites

Pickle Rick
A Rick and Morty CTF. Help turn Rick back into a human!